README.md, before:

A JS library for sending data to Honeycomb (https://honeycomb.io)
=================================================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/honeycombio/libhoney-js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/honeycombio/libhoney-js)

## Summary

libhoney is written to ease the process of sending data to Honeycomb from within
your js server code.

For an overview of how to use a honeycomb library, see our documentation at
https://honeycomb.io/docs/send-data/sdks/

Do NOT use this in your browser-side JS.  Honeycomb uses write keys as auth tokens for sending data,
and they are not per-site keys.  If someone has your write key they can write whatever they want to
whatever dataset they want.  Don't do this.

## Documentation

An API reference is available at https://honeycombio.github.io/libhoney-js/

## Example

See the `examples/` directory for sample code demonstrating how to use events,
builders, fields, and dynamic fields.

## Contributions

Features, bug fixes and other changes to libhoney are gladly accepted. Please
open issues or a pull request with your change. Remember to add your name to the
CONTRIBUTORS file!

All contributions will be released under the Apache License 2.0.

Commit message:

Add Installation/Examples to README.md

README.md, after:

# libhoney [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/honeycombio/libhoney-js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/honeycombio/libhoney-js)

A node module for interacting with [Honeycomb](https://honeycomb.io). (See here for more information about [using Honeycomb](https://honeycomb.io/intro/) and [its libraries](https://honeycomb.io/docs/send-data/sdks).)

**NOT** for use in browser-side JavaScript applications. Write keys are your auth tokens for sending data to Honeycomb and should be kept secure -- they're not per-site keys. Don't leave yourself vulnerable to malicious users.

## Installation

```bash
npm install libhoney --save-dev
```

## Documentation

An API reference is available at https://honeycombio.github.io/libhoney-js/

## Example

Honeycomb can calculate all sorts of statistics, so send the values you care about and let us crunch the averages, percentiles, lower/upper bounds, cardinality -- whatever you want -- for you.

```js
var libhoney = require('libhoney').default;

var hny = new libhoney({
  writeKey: "YOUR-WRITE-KEY",
  dataset: "honeycomb-example"
});

hny.sendNow({
  message: "Test Honeycomb event",
  randomFloat: Math.random(),
  hostname: os.hostname(),
  favoriteColor: "chartreuse"
});
```

For more, see the `examples/` directory for sample code demonstrating how to use events,
builders, fields, and dynamic fields in an Express app.

## Contributions

Features, bug fixes and other changes to libhoney are gladly accepted. Please
open issues or a pull request with your change. Remember to add your name to the
CONTRIBUTORS file!

All contributions will be released under the Apache License 2.0.
